Filling out TBD sections in chapter 4. (#102)
cncf/sig-app-delivery: operator-wg/whitepaper-community-review/README.md

#### Transparency and Documentation

> During development of an operator you should have a clear understanding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development of an operator a developer should have a clear understanding
```

of how it will work and interface within Kubernetes. As you shift

> from development to publishing your work, your users should also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from development to publishing the work (operator), users should also
```

> have a clear understanding of what your operator does, and how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a clear understanding of what the operator does, and how.
```

You've written something you're proud of, but think of this from
the end user's point of view: Why should they trust you and your
operator to run with administrative access on their cluster which
may be large and costly, or may be handling sensitive information.

> Anything you can do to help this (probably busy) person come up to

Reviewer: Change to third person voice ...

Author: done

scope.
* Documented RBAC scopes, threat model, communication ports, API
calls available
* Security reporting, disclosure, and incident response processes:
If someone finds a potential security issue, who should they contact
and what type of response should they expect?

> * If your project has had security disclosures in the past, listing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the project has had security disclosures in the past, listing
```

these disclosures (and their CVE IDs) on a web page is a strong step

> in building trust with your users. Everyone will have security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in building trust with users. Everyone will have security
```

> issues at some point - how you handle them displays the maturity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues at some point - how they are handled displays the maturity
```

of your project.

For further ideas around the security of your development process,
you may wish to review the CNCF Security SIG's [self-assessment
questionaire](https://github.com/cncf/sig-security/blob/master/assessments/guide/self-assessment.md).

#### Operator Scope

A core concept for a developer to consider is if an operator should
be scoped to run within a sole namespace, or if it should run with
cluster-wide privileges. While this paper also talks about scoping
from a user point-of-view, how an operator is designed will weigh
heavily on the type of security controls which can be applied against
it in production. It is common to start with lax permissions, and
intentions to apply security concepts before release; Spending some
time thinking about the security design of the operator as you begin

> work on it will make this process much easier for you and your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work on it will make this process much easier for developers and their
```
